Add documentation for setting Kubernetes labels and annotations (#3687)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/22-backends/40-kubernetes.md

AppArmor syntax follows [KEP-24](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/fddcbb9cbf3df39ded03bad71228265ac6e5215f/keps/sig-node/24-apparmor/README.md).
:::

### Annotations and labels

> You can specify arbitrary `meta.annotations` and `meta.labels` to be set on the Pod definition for a given workflow step using the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify arbitrary [annotations](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/) and [labels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/) to be set on the Pod definition for a given workflow step using the following configuration:
```

```yaml
backend_options:
  kubernetes:
    annotations:
      workflow-group: alpha
      io.kubernetes.cri-o.Devices: /dev/fuse
    labels:
      environment: ci
      app.kubernetes.io/name: builder
```

> In order to enable this configuration, you need to add the appropriate environment variables to the agent config as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable this configuration, you need to set [WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_ANNOTATIONS_ALLOW_FROM_STEP](#woodpecker_backend_k8s_pod_annotations_allow_from_step) and/or [WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_LABELS_ALLOW_FROM_STEP](woodepcker_backend_k8s_pod_labels_allow_from_step) environment variables to `true`.
```

Author: I like referencing the actual env var names here. One thing that I wasn't sure of at first was whether these needed to be set on the agent or the server, so I'll rework this section a bit.

Reviewer: JFYI, any backend is about the [agent](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/administration/agent-config#woodpecker_backend).
Although, that is fine to me what you explicitly point to it.

Author: Good to know, thanks for the explanation.

Additional labels to apply to worker pods. Must be a YAML object, e.g. `{"example.com/test-label":"test-value"}`.

### `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_LABELS_ALLOW_FROM_STEP`

> Default: `false`

> Determines if additional Pod labels can be defined from a step's backend options.

Reviewer: Capitalization is used in Kubernetes docs. Don't know if this is convention, though.

> Determines if additional Pod labels can be defined from a step's backend options.

Author: Yeah, in my experience, the Kubernetes object types (Pod, Secret, Deployment, etc.) are typically capitalized. I'm happy to go through and capitalize the others or change this reference. Just let me know which way you guys would like to go.

> Determines if additional Pod labels can be defined from a step's backend options.

Author: Ok, I went through capitalized all of the standard Kubernetes object names I could find. I think this will make it feel closer to the Kubernetes documentation since we're following the same conventions.

> Default: empty

Secret names to pull images from private repositories. See, how to [Pull an Image from a Private Registry](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

> ### `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_LABELS_ALLOW_FROM_STEP`

Reviewer: I would place it after `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_LABELS`

> Default: `false`

Determines if additional Pod labels can be defined from a step's backend options.

> ### `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_ANNOTATIONS_ALLOW_FROM_STEP`

Reviewer: I would place it after `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_POD_ANNOTATIONS`
